today i am in belfort in the east
from France and we will meet the
photographers and telecoms
etienne I would like to know a little more
on you I let you introduce yourself ok
my name is coop and
I live in belfort I'm a photographer
for a few years
now
and basically I'm doing a lot of areas
different be it from the portrait of
things a bit traditional like
wedding
reports in a global way and
when I can projects more
personal to express themselves a little more
since you gave us an appointment
to throw down the base I had planned to
take you to an apartment that is
completely empty because it comes
to be moved to be able to precisely
focus on on the model and in
really make the central element of the
session is ultimately actually coming
here I told myself that frankly
the universe sells really great and like
I know a little bit about the tauliers
I would have asked if we could really
to make the session here we will pass
this will be where we will welcome charlotte
who is a model for suicide girls
the advantage of working with charlotte
it's because I'm someone
have known for a long time we know
two cases no ambiguity between us and
I know she will not want to show anything
too intimate and then it's up to me
the picture of staying respectful that
unlike a context if the photo
group or photos of landscapes where we have
often need that every honest month
in the portrait a something that me
Characterize not bad is that I appreciate
everything is not far from full openness
because I enjoy blocking it in
background so this is also one of
why my gear is
mainly primes the
fall to the 35 set at the 135 sets most
time and it allows me precisely
to have a very good quality from the
full open and I like to have
a fairly shallow depth of field
why because in fact with the
landscape natural lines or moldings of
town planning in general I can create some
lines of dynamism I can put in
value the subject I can actually draw
with the background and that's some
I like to take into account
his laurels
which helps me to stay creative in fact
it's discovering discovering more
things on the football pitch that's why
also that I do not plan everything and for
that mainly that I rarely do
sessions in the same place ie
that just play on 6 of
architectures on the lines and where if I
do it once but after that
seems interested to come to the same
place but the person the same
place that says look hate line but
you did not do it that's not it
interesting is also precisely
to live something on the day of the session
that's why I prefer
portraits is to live a kind of
adventure during the session this is the
live with others and realize the
potential of each place or even a
line of flight that is interesting
discover it the day j with the good
lighting in the right place
that 's almost an adventure at every
times during sessions in general I
know what I want is the result
I 'm going to get
so I am rather directive myself there is
always a notion of respect necessarily
not registered on people but I
tendency to lead know how to say to which
place we can best capture the
light that showcases someone
because the interest of the portrait also
is that you guess things if the
people that they know you come back a little
in their private domain but without
to be indiscreet that is to say that as
and as the session ended,
understand that the person hates his
profile or tests were born then
come back to make her comfortable
on that side and do not necessarily
pictures or lcl she will not be at her
advantage makes a kind of mirror of the
nobody to put it best
possible to his advantage I try to
to eat is to have a guy
relatively objective
no